---
Title:
Date: 2017-10-30
Written: 
---

# Review

*(10 minutes)*

We will start with a review:

1. What is a function?
1. What is JavaScript?
1. What is a circuit?
1. What are conductors?
1. How did you move the circle?
1. How did you draw more than one circle?

Segue into what are we doing today:

1. Learning to draw more shapes
1. Planning our own drawing
1. Coding our drawing
1. Learn about colors
1. Use the MakeyMakey for a color changing drawing


We will learn about and take notes on the `point`, `line`, `triangle`, `quad`,`rect`, and `ellipse` functions.  For each shape, we will get a student to draw on the board and then describe how they drew it as a human.  We'll translate that to the coded version and take notes in a chart that will be helpful to the students as they make their drawings.

Then, students will plan drawings with their grid in the notebook using `point`, `line`, `triangle`, `quad`,`rect`, and `ellipse`.  We will help them keep it simple and show an example on the whiteboard, where we break down the shapes and coordinates needed, and then draw our drawings.

Next, we will show them `color` and explain how it's a mix of red, green, and blue by experimenting things like:

1. `color(255, 0, 0)`
1. `color(0, 255, 0)`
1. `color(0, 0, 255)`

for the `background`.

This is something for another time -- exploring the difference between `setup` and `draw` by showing the difference between drawing circles on `mouseX` and `mouseY` with and without `background` in `draw`.
